# Personal learn and grow plan

"Personal learn and grow plan" is the topic I most want to talk with you guys. Because I want to share our thought together.Maybe we can learn from each other and that inpire by someone  and encourage us to further when we do that.


Learning is not a mandatory thing and free, which mean you can do that or not depending on your hobbies. If you don't like this topic and let it go.


So let's start from my side. Today I don't want to share the big picture about my plan. I just want to share the principle and a snapshot of the picture. My personal learn and grow plan is very simple, and it can be described as "Learn at first, then output that, and finally share". Note that the plan is not just like the line and ends at the sharing step. Actually, it's a cycle and loops up just like the structure of our DNA.
For example, I want to become the master of springMVC, because lots of projects use that one, but for me, I can't control it and let it works as expected. Actually, the poor situation is it controls me. And the situation same as we meet now - Kubernetes controls us in our current project. I believe no one like this feel. So am I. This is the true reason I want to learn springMVC. My current progress about learning springMVC is that I already output 21 draft markdown file and some demos. I know I need more time to do that thing and then maybe this year I have the chance to share all the formal series of sessions or something.

Last but not least，the very important thing is that talk is cheap and keep doing it day and day if you have time and chance.